Option 1: Instructions
	Displays the instructions to the user.

Option 2: Display known Dinners
	Allows you to view all of your current known dinners.

Option 3: Add dinner to known Dinners
	Will allow you to add a dinner to your known dinner(s) list. The 
	dinners that you add to your list will be put at the TOP of their
	category. You will have to end the name input by entering a 
	* symbol then pressing enter to submit it to the file.

	NOTE: You will need to choose which category you wish to add to
	when it prompts you; you may do so using the displayed system
	that is outputted to you, the user.
	
	Increasing the size of your known dinner list will
	also prompt you to enter the grocery list for that new meal.
	You will also need to end the input by using the * key
	Followed by pressing [ENTER].
		If you entered the incorrect grocery items for any recipe
		you added to the list. Simply add that dinner again with the
		same name and it will re-prompt you to enter the items needed
		to make that meal. Then delete the file from your overall 
		list of known recipes by running option 4 and the 
		corresponding action to delete from the category it’s under.
	
Option 4: Remove a Dinner from the known Dinners
	This will allow you to remove the TOP most meal, or most recently
	entered meal under its corresponding category. You will be prompted
	to enter the correct corresponding symbol to delete the upper-most
	meal from the desired category: Eg.
	(!) = Chicken Category, (@) = Beef, (#) = Pork/Ham, ($) = Sausage.

Option 5:
	Deletes the current list of dinners and prompts you to enter how
	many new dinners you wish to have.

Option 6:
	Prompts the user to type in the Dinners they wish to add to their
	dinner list. The user does not need to worry about entering the 
	file extensions of the dinner files, neither do they need to 
	worry about case-sensativety. They only have to spell the name
	of the dinner correctly to successfully add it to the list.

Option 7:
	Will fill all the slots of your dinner meals with random selection
	from the base 20 meals that are programmed in. Unfortunately meals
	that are added using option 3 will not be able to be selected 	randomly. 

Option 8:
	Will allow you to view the current list of your meals that have
	either been chosen manually or filled automatically through the
	random option.

Option 9:
	Will export your current list of meals to a .rtf file which the
	user can then view and print or email to themselves to use as a 
	grocery list.

NOTE: YOU MUST BEGIN A NEW DINNER LIST (OPTION 5) IF YOU DO NOT LIKE OR 
ACCIDENTLY FILLED YOUR CURRENT LIST WITH INCORRECT DINNERS. OTHERWISE
THIS PROGRAM WILL NOT STORE THE DATA CORRECTLY!!

